README.md, before:

# Auto replanter
A Minecraft mod created to improve farming.

[![Super-Linter check](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/actions/workflows/lint-main-branch.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/actions/workflows/lint-main-branch.yml)

## Summary
Auto replanter is a small and simple mod improving farming in Minecraft by adding ability to harvest nad automatically planting the same crop.

## Table of contents
1. [About the mod](#about-the-mod)
2. [Getting started](#getting-started)
   1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
   2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Roadmap](#roadmap)
4. [How to report a bug or request new feature](#reporting-bugs-or-requesting-features)

## About the mod
This mod improves farming in Minecraft by automatically planting crops after you harvest them.

To do so you need to hold a harvesting tool in your hand: shears. Once you have them in hand simply use them on a fully grown crop to harvest it.

Harvestable crops:
- Wheat
- Beetroot
- Carrot
- Potato

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
To use this mod you need to have Minecraft with Fabric loader installed.  
Instructions how to install Fabric loader can be found [here](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/install).

### Installation
To install this mod first download the newest version from the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/releases) for your version of Minecraft.  
Once the .jar file finishes downloading move it into mods folder inside your Minecraft installation folder.

## Roadmap
- [ ] Use different harvesting tools for different crops
- [ ] Allow harvesting more crops
  - [ ] Cocoa beans
  - [ ] Nether warts

## Reporting bugs or requesting features
Both bug reports and feature requests are handled through [issues tab](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/issues).
Before opening new issue check if there isn't one similar to yours.  
If you find one that matches your needs comment on it or add a reaction to let me know that there is interest in it.  
Otherwise create new issue providing at least a title, a short description and selecting a proper label:
- `bug` - for reporting a bug or an error
- `enchancement` - when proposing an idea for improvement

Commit message:

Changed tool for harvesting beetroots, carrots and potatoes

README.md, after:

# Auto replanter
A Minecraft mod created to improve farming.

[![Super-Linter check](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/actions/workflows/lint-main-branch.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/actions/workflows/lint-main-branch.yml)

## Summary
Auto replanter is a small and simple mod improving farming in Minecraft by adding ability to harvest nad automatically planting the same crop.

## Table of contents
1. [About the mod](#about-the-mod)
2. [Getting started](#getting-started)
   1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
   2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Roadmap](#roadmap)
4. [How to report a bug or request new feature](#reporting-bugs-or-requesting-features)

## About the mod
This mod improves farming in Minecraft by automatically planting crops after you harvest them. It also prevents you from destroying crops that are not fully grown yet.

To harvest crops you just need a proper tool for harvesting given type of crop in hand and then just click on a fully grown block crop.

Here is a list of tools with crops they can harvest:
- Shears
  - Wheat
- Hoe
  - Beetroots
  - Carrots
  - Potatoes

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
To use this mod you need to have Minecraft with Fabric loader installed.  
Instructions how to install Fabric loader can be found [here](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/install).

### Installation
To install this mod first download the newest version from the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/releases) for your version of Minecraft.  
Once the .jar file finishes downloading move it into mods folder inside your Minecraft installation folder.

## Roadmap
- [x] Use different harvesting tools for different crops
- [ ] Allow harvesting more crops
  - [ ] Cocoa beans
  - [ ] Nether warts

## Reporting bugs or requesting features
Both bug reports and feature requests are handled through [issues tab](https://github.com/cichu/minecraft-auto-replanter/issues).
Before opening new issue check if there isn't one similar to yours.  
If you find one that matches your needs comment on it or add a reaction to let me know that there is interest in it.  
Otherwise create new issue providing at least a title, a short description and selecting a proper label:
- `bug` - for reporting a bug or an error
- `enchancement` - when proposing an idea for improvement
